Update Next.js `sentry-cli` configuration (#4105)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/manual-setup.mdx

## Configure `sentry-cli`

The `SentryWebpackPlugin` uses `sentry-cli` to manage releases and source maps, which can be configured in one of two ways - using configuration files, or with environment variables - both of which are discussed below. For full details, see [the CLI configuration docs](/product/cli/configuration/).

If you choose to combine the two approaches, the environment variables will take precedence over values set in the configuration files. One common approach is to set sensitive data (like tokens) in the environment and include everything else in the configuration files added to your VCS.

The URL, organization, and project properties identify your organization and project, and the auth token authenticates your user account.

### Use Configuration Files

> You should commit all the properties to your VCS, but the auth token. You can accomplish this by using two files: `sentry.properties` including the properties of your organization and project, and `.sentryclirc` including your auth token. This is the approach taken by the wizard and allows you to commit the former while ignoring the latter in your VCS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should commit all the properties to your VCS, except the auth token. You can accomplish this by using two files: `sentry.properties` including the properties of your organization and project, and `.sentryclirc` including your auth token. This is the approach taken by the wizard and it allows you to commit the former while ignoring the latter in your VCS.
```
